le:orphan:

..  Copyright (C) Jackie Cohen, Paul Resnick.  Permission is granted to copy, distribute
    and/or modify this document under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation
    License, Version 1.3 or any later version published by the Free Software
    Foundation; with Invariant Sections being Forward, Prefaces, and
    Contributor List, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.  A copy of
    the license is included in the section entitled "GNU Free Documentation
    License".

Activities through 2/12
=======================

* **Before class Monday 2/6:**
  
  * Read just the :ref:`introduction to Unit Testing<test_cases_chap>`. (We will discuss this on Monday in lecture! You do *not* have to read the rest of this chapter beyond the introductory section; it addreses material we have not learned yet in this course. We will focus in more depth on that material later in the semester. But this week is the first time you will see the code for Unit Tests, so we will teach you how to understand the output you get from them when you run problem sets on your own computer.)
  * Review the below sections about debugging!

.. usageassignment::
  :subchapters: Testing/intro-TestCases, GeneralIntro/Syntaxerrors, GeneralIntro/RuntimeErrors, GeneralIntro/SemanticErrors, GeneralIntro/ExperimentalDebugging
  :assignment_name: Lecture Prep 08
  :deadline: 2017-02-06 17:30
  :pct_required: 75
  :points: 50

* **Before Wednesday's class, 2/8:**

  * Review :ref:`Sorting<sort_chap>` (not graded this time)
  * Read :ref:`Nested Data and Nested Iteration<nested_chap>` and try exercises in sections listed below

.. usageassignment::
  :subchapters:  NestedData/ListswithComplexItems, NestedData/NestedDictionaries, NestedData/NestedIteration, NestedData/DebuggingNestedData
  :assignment_name: Lecture Prep 09
  :deadline: 2016-02-08 17:30
  :pct_required: 75
  :points: 50

* Before next Monday's class:
  * Read about `Unix diff <http://www.computerhope.com/unix/udiff.htm>`_ and `Unix curl <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CURL#Examples_of_cURL_use_from_command_line>`_ commands. 
  * NOTE: The latter link about ``curl`` is just one small section of a Wikipedia article that will help you understand what is happening when you use the Unix ``curl`` command. We will unpack this further!

* **There is no problem set this week.** Next week, Problem Set 5 will be due, so feel free to get started learning that material!  

* **Note that your midterm is during class time on Wednesday, February 15.** More info to come. 

.. note::

	Starting next week, with **problem set 5**, your problem sets will be completed in ``.py`` files that you will download from Canvas and edit to add your answers. You will test them and work on them by running them via the command prompt. 

	Note that the test output will look different now -- you won't have the nice box with colors that you have in the textbook. However, you will still have the same information and more power to see what is being tested.

	**You will submit your final files in Canvas assignments.** However, the instructions for each problem on the assignment will be found in the textbook, as usual. You will need to reference the textbook for the instructions for each problem, and in the files we provide you, we will provide whatever code (if any) that we intend you to start with, beneath comments e.g. ``## [PROBLEM 1]``.

	Your problem set grades, once they are complete, will appear in the textbook progress page, just like your other problem sets.

	**Please make sure that you include the "ps#", e.g. ``ps5`` in your problem set file name when you submit it.** (Even better, don't change the file name at all!) That will make the instructional team's lives much easier.

