_sources/index.rst, before:

..  Copyright (C)  Paul Resnick, Brad Miller, David Ranum
    Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
    under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
    any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with
    Invariant Sections being Forward, Prefaces, and Contributor List,
    no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.  A copy of the license
    is included in the section entitled "GNU Free Documentation License".

.. meta::
   :description: An interactive version of How to Think Like a Computer Scientist, edited for use in the course Programs, Information, and People at the University of Michigan.  Learn to program in Python using this online textbook.
   :keywords: python, informatics

.. _t_o_c:

Table of Contents
:::::::::::::::::

Assignments
:::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   assignments.rst

General Introduction
::::::::::::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   GeneralIntro/intro-TheWayoftheProgram.rst
   GeneralIntro/Algorithms.rst
   GeneralIntro/ThePythonProgrammingLanguage.rst
   GeneralIntro/SpecialWaystoExecutePythoninthisBook.rst
   GeneralIntro/MoreAboutPrograms.rst
   GeneralIntro/WhatisDebugging.rst
   GeneralIntro/Syntaxerrors.rst
   GeneralIntro/RuntimeErrors.rst
   GeneralIntro/SemanticErrors.rst
   GeneralIntro/ExperimentalDebugging.rst
   GeneralIntro/FormalandNaturalLanguages.rst
   GeneralIntro/ATypicalFirstProgram.rst
   GeneralIntro/Comments.rst
   GeneralIntro/Glossary.rst



Simple Python Data
::::::::::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   SimplePythonData/intro-VariablesExpressionsandStatements.rst
   SimplePythonData/Values.rst
   SimplePythonData/Operators.rst
   SimplePythonData/FunctionCalls.rst
   SimplePythonData/DataTypes.rst
   SimplePythonData/Typeconversionfunctions.rst
   SimplePythonData/Variables.rst
   SimplePythonData/VariableNamesandKeywords.rst
   SimplePythonData/StatementsandExpressions.rst
   SimplePythonData/OrderofOperations.rst
   SimplePythonData/BooleanValuesandBooleanExpressions.rst
   SimplePythonData/Logicaloperators.rst
   SimplePythonData/PrecedenceofOperators.rst
   SimplePythonData/Reassignment.rst
   SimplePythonData/UpdatingVariables.rst
   SimplePythonData/HardCoding.rst
   SimplePythonData/Input.rst
   SimplePythonData/Glossary.rst
   SimplePythonData/Exercises.rst

Debugging
:::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2


   Debugging/intro-HowtobeaSuccessfulProgrammer.rst
   Debugging/BeginningtipsforDebugging.rst
   Debugging/KnowyourerrorMessages.rst

Object Instances
::::::::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   PythonTurtle/intro-HelloLittleTurtles.rst
   PythonTurtle/OurFirstTurtleProgram.rst
   PythonTurtle/InstancesAHerdofTurtles.rst
   PythonTurtle/ObjectInstances.rst
   PythonTurtle/SummaryOfTurtleMethods.rst

Sequences
:::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   Sequences/intro-Sequences.rst
   Sequences/OperationsonStrings.rst
   Sequences/IndexOperatorWorkingwiththeCharactersofaString.rst
   Sequences/OperationsandStrings.rst
   Sequences/StringMethods.rst
   Sequences/Length.rst
   Sequences/TheSliceOperator.rst
   Sequences/StringsareImmutable.rst
   Sequences/Theinandnotinoperators.rst
   Sequences/Characterclassification.rst
   Sequences/Lists.rst
   Sequences/ListValues.rst
   Sequences/ListLength.rst
   Sequences/AccessingElements.rst
   Sequences/ListMembership.rst
   Sequences/ConcatenationandRepetition.rst
   Sequences/ListSlices.rst
   Sequences/ListsareMutable.rst
   Sequences/ListDeletion.rst
   Sequences/ObjectsandReferences.rst
   Sequences/Aliasing.rst
   Sequences/CloningLists.rst
   Sequences/ListMethods.rst
   Sequences/AppendversusConcatenate.rst
   Sequences/SplitandJoin.rst
   Sequences/Glossary.rst
   Sequences/Exercises.rst
   Sequences/ExtraExercises.rst


Iteration
:::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   Iteration/intro-Iteration.rst
   Iteration/TheforLoop.rst
   Iteration/FlowofExecutionoftheforLoop.rst
   Iteration/Stringsandforloops.rst
   Iteration/TraversalandtheforLoopByIndex.rst
   Iteration/Listsandforloops.rst
   Iteration/TheAccumulatorPattern.rst
   Iteration/TheAccumulatorPatternwithLists.rst
   Iteration/TheAccumulatorPatternwithStrings.rst
   Iteration/Glossary.rst
   Iteration/Exercises.rst
   Iteration/ExtraExercises.rst

Conditionals
::::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   Selection/ConditionalExecutionBinarySelection.rst
   Selection/OmittingtheelseClauseUnarySelection.rst
   Selection/Nestedconditionals.rst
   Selection/Chainedconditionals.rst
   Selection/Glossary.rst
   Selection/Exercises.rst
   Selection/ExtraExercises.rst

Files
:::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   Files/intro-WorkingwithDataFiles.rst
   Files/FindingaFileonyourDisk.rst
   Files/ReadingaFile.rst
   Files/AlternativeFileReadingMethods.rst
   Files/Iteratingoverlinesinafile.rst
   Files/FilesRecipe.rst
   Files/WritingTextFiles.rst
   Files/Glossary.rst
   Files/Exercises.rst
   Files/ExtraExercises.rst

Understanding Code
::::::::::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   BuildingAProgram/UnderstandingCode.rst


Dictionaries
::::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2


   Dictionaries/intro-Dictionaries.rst
   Dictionaries/Dictionaryoperations.rst
   Dictionaries/Dictionarymethods.rst
   Dictionaries/Aliasingandcopying.rst
   Dictionaries/Glossary.rst
   Dictionaries/Exercises.rst
   Dictionaries/ExtraExercises.rst


Accumulating Results in Dictionaries
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   DictionaryAccumulation/intro-AccumulatingMultipleResultsInaDictionary.rst
   DictionaryAccumulation/AccumulatingResultsFromaDictionary.rst
   DictionaryAccumulation/AccumulatingaMaximumValue.rst
   DictionaryAccumulation/AccumulatingtheBestKey.rst
   DictionaryAccumulation/Exercises.rst
   DictionaryAccumulation/ExtraExercises.rst

Building Programs
:::::::::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   BuildingAProgram/TheStrategy.rst


Functions
:::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   Functions/FunctionDefinitions.rst
   Functions/FunctionInvocation.rst
   Functions/FunctionParameters.rst
   Functions/Returningavaluefromafunction.rst
   Functions/Afunctionthataccumulates.rst
   Functions/DecodingaFunction.rst
   Functions/MethodInvocations.rst
   Functions/Variablesandparametersarelocal.rst
   Functions/GlobalVariables.rst
   Functions/Functionscancallotherfunctions.rst
   Functions/FlowofExecutionSummary.rst
   Functions/Printvs.return.rst
   Functions/PassingMutableObjects.rst
   Functions/SideEffects.rst
   Functions/Glossary.rst
   Functions/ExtraExercises.rst


While Loops
:::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   IndefiniteIteration/intro-indefiniteiteration.rst
   IndefiniteIteration/ThewhileStatement.rst
   IndefiniteIteration/listenerLoop.rst
   IndefiniteIteration/ExtraExercises.rst

Optional and Keyword Parameters
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   OptionalAndKeywordParameters/OptionalParameters.rst
   OptionalAndKeywordParameters/KeywordParameters.rst
   OptionalAndKeywordParameters/exercises.rst
   OptionalAndKeywordParameters/ExtraExercises.rst

Tuples
::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   Tuples/Tuples.rst
   Tuples/TuplePacking.rst
   Tuples/TuplesasReturnValues.rst
   Tuples/TupleAssignmentwithunpacking.rst
   Tuples/UnpackingDictionaryItems.rst
   Tuples/Glossary.rst
   Tuples/Exercises.rst
   Tuples/ExtraExercises.rst


Nested Data and Nested Iteration
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   NestedData/ListswithComplexItems.rst
   NestedData/NestedDictionaries.rst
   NestedData/NestedIteration.rst
   NestedData/DebuggingNestedData.rst
   NestedData/ExtraExercises.rst


Sorting
:::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   Sort/intro-SortingwithSortandSorted.rst
   Sort/Optionalreverseparameter.rst
   Sort/Optionalkeyparameter.rst
   Sort/Anonymousfunctionswithlambdaexpressions.rst
   Sort/SortingaDictionary.rst
   Sort/StableSorting.rst
   Sort/Glossary.rst
   Sort/Exercises.rst
   Sort/ExtraExercises.rst


Python Modules
::::::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   PythonModules/intro-ModulesandGettingHelp.rst
   PythonModules/Therandommodule.rst
   Installation/pip.rst
   PythonModules/Glossary.rst
   PythonModules/Exercises.rst
   PythonModules/ExtraExercises.rst


Requests
::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   Requests/intro.rst
   Requests/fetching_a_page.rst
   Requests/how_the_Internet_works.rst
   Requests/urls.rst
   Requests/http.rst
   Requests/requests_details.rst


REST APIs
:::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   RESTAPIs/intro.rst
   RESTAPIs/RequestURLs.rst
   RESTAPIs/jsonlib.rst
   RESTAPIs/unicode.rst


Exceptions
::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   Exceptions/intro-exceptions.rst
   Exceptions/using-exceptions.rst
   Exceptions/ExtraExercises.rst


String Formatting
:::::::::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   StringFormatting/intro-PrintinginPython2.7.rst
   StringFormatting/Interpolation.rst
   StringFormatting/CSV.rst
   StringFormatting/Exercises.rst
   StringFormatting/ExtraExercises.rst


Using RESTAPIs
::::::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   UsingRESTAPIs/requestsCookbook.rst
   UsingRESTAPIs/callingGet.rst
   UsingRESTAPIs/extract.rst
   UsingRESTAPIs/process.rst
   UsingRESTAPIs/cachingResponses.rst
   UsingRESTAPIs/flickr.rst

Native Interpreter Gotchas
::::::::::::::::::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   NativeInterpreterGotchas/FixCommonProblems.rst


Classes
:::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   Classes/intro-ClassesandObjectstheBasics.rst
   Classes/ObjectsRevisited.rst
   Classes/UserDefinedClasses.rst
   Classes/ImprovingourConstructor.rst
   Classes/AddingOtherMethodstoourClass.rst
   Classes/ObjectsasArgumentsandParameters.rst
   Classes/ConvertinganObjecttoaString.rst
   Classes/InstancesasReturnValues.rst
   Classes/sorting_instances.rst
   Classes/ClassVariablesInstanceVariables.rst
   Classes/ThinkingAboutClasses.rst
   Classes/ClassesHoldingData.rst
   Classes/Tamagotchi.rst
   Classes/Glossary.rst
   Classes/Exercises.rst
   Classes/ExtraExercises.rst

Inheritance
:::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   Inheritance/intro.rst
   Inheritance/inheritVarsAndMethods.rst
   Inheritance/OverrideMethods.rst
   Inheritance/InvokingSuperMethods.rst
   Inheritance/TamagotchiRevisited.rst
   Inheritance/Exercises.rst
   Inheritance/ExtraExercises.rst

More on Accumulation: Map, Filter, Reduce, List Comprehensions, and Zip
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   AdvancedAccumulation/intro.rst
   AdvancedAccumulation/map.rst
   AdvancedAccumulation/filter.rst
   AdvancedAccumulation/listcomp.rst
   AdvancedAccumulation/reduce.rst
   AdvancedAccumulation/zip.rst
   AdvancedAccumulation/exercises.rst
   AdvancedAccumulation/ExtraExercises.rst

The FaceBook Graph API
::::::::::::::::::::::

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 2

    FacebookAPI/FBAPI.rst


APIs Using OAuth
::::::::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   APIsWithOAuth/RequestsOAuthLib.rst
   APIsWithOAuth/TwitterAPI.rst
   APIsWithOAuth/Paging.rst


Pyglet
::::::

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 2

    Pyglet/Pyglet.rst
    Pyglet/pygletWindow.rst
    Pyglet/eventListener.rst
    Pyglet/windowContents.rst
    Pyglet/sounds.rst
    Pyglet/jinglingSquare.rst
    Pyglet/schedulingEvents.rst
    Pyglet/Pong.rst


Test Cases
::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   Testing/intro-TestCases.rst
   Testing/Testingfunctions.rst
   Testing/Testingclasses.rst
   Testing/Glossary.rst



Prediction and Classification
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   Prediction/intro-prediction.rst
   Prediction/hangman_guesser.rst
   Prediction/rule-based.rst
   Prediction/shannon_guesser.rst
   Prediction/training.rst
   Prediction/evaluation.rst
   Prediction/Glossary.rst


Recursion
:::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   Recursion/WhatIsRecursion.rst
   Recursion/CalculatingtheSumofaListofNumbers.rst
   Recursion/TheThreeLawsofRecursion.rst
   Recursion/ConvertinganIntegertoaStringinAnyBase.rst
   Recursion/intro-VisualizingRecursion.rst
   Recursion/SierpinskiTriangle.rst
   Recursion/Glossary.rst
   Recursion/ProgrammingExercises.rst


Installation
::::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   Installation/FirstSteps.rst
   Installation/NextSteps.rst
   Installation/TextEditor.rst
   Installation/pythonInstall.rst
   Installation/runpythonprograms.rst



Unix
::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   Unix/CommandPrompt.rst
   Unix/FoldersAndPaths.rst
   Unix/DirectoriesAndCopying.rst
   Unix/lessCommand.rst


.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :hidden:

   navhelp.rst

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :hidden:

   ExtraExercises/session4_6925.rst
   ExtraExercises/session5_7462.rst


Indices and tables
::::::::::::::::::

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`

Commit message:

Add hidden inclass to TOC for 106

_sources/index.rst, after:

..  Copyright (C)  Paul Resnick, Brad Miller, David Ranum
    Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
    under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
    any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with
    Invariant Sections being Forward, Prefaces, and Contributor List,
    no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.  A copy of the license
    is included in the section entitled "GNU Free Documentation License".

.. meta::
   :description: An interactive version of How to Think Like a Computer Scientist, edited for use in the course Programs, Information, and People at the University of Michigan.  Learn to program in Python using this online textbook.
   :keywords: python, informatics

.. _t_o_c:

Table of Contents
:::::::::::::::::

Assignments
:::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   assignments.rst

General Introduction
::::::::::::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   GeneralIntro/intro-TheWayoftheProgram.rst
   GeneralIntro/Algorithms.rst
   GeneralIntro/ThePythonProgrammingLanguage.rst
   GeneralIntro/SpecialWaystoExecutePythoninthisBook.rst
   GeneralIntro/MoreAboutPrograms.rst
   GeneralIntro/WhatisDebugging.rst
   GeneralIntro/Syntaxerrors.rst
   GeneralIntro/RuntimeErrors.rst
   GeneralIntro/SemanticErrors.rst
   GeneralIntro/ExperimentalDebugging.rst
   GeneralIntro/FormalandNaturalLanguages.rst
   GeneralIntro/ATypicalFirstProgram.rst
   GeneralIntro/Comments.rst
   GeneralIntro/Glossary.rst



Simple Python Data
::::::::::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   SimplePythonData/intro-VariablesExpressionsandStatements.rst
   SimplePythonData/Values.rst
   SimplePythonData/Operators.rst
   SimplePythonData/FunctionCalls.rst
   SimplePythonData/DataTypes.rst
   SimplePythonData/Typeconversionfunctions.rst
   SimplePythonData/Variables.rst
   SimplePythonData/VariableNamesandKeywords.rst
   SimplePythonData/StatementsandExpressions.rst
   SimplePythonData/OrderofOperations.rst
   SimplePythonData/BooleanValuesandBooleanExpressions.rst
   SimplePythonData/Logicaloperators.rst
   SimplePythonData/PrecedenceofOperators.rst
   SimplePythonData/Reassignment.rst
   SimplePythonData/UpdatingVariables.rst
   SimplePythonData/HardCoding.rst
   SimplePythonData/Input.rst
   SimplePythonData/Glossary.rst
   SimplePythonData/Exercises.rst

Debugging
:::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2


   Debugging/intro-HowtobeaSuccessfulProgrammer.rst
   Debugging/BeginningtipsforDebugging.rst
   Debugging/KnowyourerrorMessages.rst

Object Instances
::::::::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   PythonTurtle/intro-HelloLittleTurtles.rst
   PythonTurtle/OurFirstTurtleProgram.rst
   PythonTurtle/InstancesAHerdofTurtles.rst
   PythonTurtle/ObjectInstances.rst
   PythonTurtle/SummaryOfTurtleMethods.rst

Sequences
:::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   Sequences/intro-Sequences.rst
   Sequences/OperationsonStrings.rst
   Sequences/IndexOperatorWorkingwiththeCharactersofaString.rst
   Sequences/OperationsandStrings.rst
   Sequences/StringMethods.rst
   Sequences/Length.rst
   Sequences/TheSliceOperator.rst
   Sequences/StringsareImmutable.rst
   Sequences/Theinandnotinoperators.rst
   Sequences/Characterclassification.rst
   Sequences/Lists.rst
   Sequences/ListValues.rst
   Sequences/ListLength.rst
   Sequences/AccessingElements.rst
   Sequences/ListMembership.rst
   Sequences/ConcatenationandRepetition.rst
   Sequences/ListSlices.rst
   Sequences/ListsareMutable.rst
   Sequences/ListDeletion.rst
   Sequences/ObjectsandReferences.rst
   Sequences/Aliasing.rst
   Sequences/CloningLists.rst
   Sequences/ListMethods.rst
   Sequences/AppendversusConcatenate.rst
   Sequences/SplitandJoin.rst
   Sequences/Glossary.rst
   Sequences/Exercises.rst
   Sequences/ExtraExercises.rst


Iteration
:::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   Iteration/intro-Iteration.rst
   Iteration/TheforLoop.rst
   Iteration/FlowofExecutionoftheforLoop.rst
   Iteration/Stringsandforloops.rst
   Iteration/TraversalandtheforLoopByIndex.rst
   Iteration/Listsandforloops.rst
   Iteration/TheAccumulatorPattern.rst
   Iteration/TheAccumulatorPatternwithLists.rst
   Iteration/TheAccumulatorPatternwithStrings.rst
   Iteration/Glossary.rst
   Iteration/Exercises.rst
   Iteration/ExtraExercises.rst

Conditionals
::::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   Selection/ConditionalExecutionBinarySelection.rst
   Selection/OmittingtheelseClauseUnarySelection.rst
   Selection/Nestedconditionals.rst
   Selection/Chainedconditionals.rst
   Selection/Glossary.rst
   Selection/Exercises.rst
   Selection/ExtraExercises.rst

Files
:::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   Files/intro-WorkingwithDataFiles.rst
   Files/FindingaFileonyourDisk.rst
   Files/ReadingaFile.rst
   Files/AlternativeFileReadingMethods.rst
   Files/Iteratingoverlinesinafile.rst
   Files/FilesRecipe.rst
   Files/WritingTextFiles.rst
   Files/Glossary.rst
   Files/Exercises.rst
   Files/ExtraExercises.rst

Understanding Code
::::::::::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   BuildingAProgram/UnderstandingCode.rst


Dictionaries
::::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2


   Dictionaries/intro-Dictionaries.rst
   Dictionaries/Dictionaryoperations.rst
   Dictionaries/Dictionarymethods.rst
   Dictionaries/Aliasingandcopying.rst
   Dictionaries/Glossary.rst
   Dictionaries/Exercises.rst
   Dictionaries/ExtraExercises.rst


Accumulating Results in Dictionaries
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   DictionaryAccumulation/intro-AccumulatingMultipleResultsInaDictionary.rst
   DictionaryAccumulation/AccumulatingResultsFromaDictionary.rst
   DictionaryAccumulation/AccumulatingaMaximumValue.rst
   DictionaryAccumulation/AccumulatingtheBestKey.rst
   DictionaryAccumulation/Exercises.rst
   DictionaryAccumulation/ExtraExercises.rst

Building Programs
:::::::::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   BuildingAProgram/TheStrategy.rst


Functions
:::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   Functions/FunctionDefinitions.rst
   Functions/FunctionInvocation.rst
   Functions/FunctionParameters.rst
   Functions/Returningavaluefromafunction.rst
   Functions/Afunctionthataccumulates.rst
   Functions/DecodingaFunction.rst
   Functions/MethodInvocations.rst
   Functions/Variablesandparametersarelocal.rst
   Functions/GlobalVariables.rst
   Functions/Functionscancallotherfunctions.rst
   Functions/FlowofExecutionSummary.rst
   Functions/Printvs.return.rst
   Functions/PassingMutableObjects.rst
   Functions/SideEffects.rst
   Functions/Glossary.rst
   Functions/ExtraExercises.rst


While Loops
:::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   IndefiniteIteration/intro-indefiniteiteration.rst
   IndefiniteIteration/ThewhileStatement.rst
   IndefiniteIteration/listenerLoop.rst
   IndefiniteIteration/ExtraExercises.rst

Optional and Keyword Parameters
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   OptionalAndKeywordParameters/OptionalParameters.rst
   OptionalAndKeywordParameters/KeywordParameters.rst
   OptionalAndKeywordParameters/exercises.rst
   OptionalAndKeywordParameters/ExtraExercises.rst

Tuples
::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   Tuples/Tuples.rst
   Tuples/TuplePacking.rst
   Tuples/TuplesasReturnValues.rst
   Tuples/TupleAssignmentwithunpacking.rst
   Tuples/UnpackingDictionaryItems.rst
   Tuples/Glossary.rst
   Tuples/Exercises.rst
   Tuples/ExtraExercises.rst


Nested Data and Nested Iteration
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   NestedData/ListswithComplexItems.rst
   NestedData/NestedDictionaries.rst
   NestedData/NestedIteration.rst
   NestedData/DebuggingNestedData.rst
   NestedData/ExtraExercises.rst


Sorting
:::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   Sort/intro-SortingwithSortandSorted.rst
   Sort/Optionalreverseparameter.rst
   Sort/Optionalkeyparameter.rst
   Sort/Anonymousfunctionswithlambdaexpressions.rst
   Sort/SortingaDictionary.rst
   Sort/StableSorting.rst
   Sort/Glossary.rst
   Sort/Exercises.rst
   Sort/ExtraExercises.rst


Python Modules
::::::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   PythonModules/intro-ModulesandGettingHelp.rst
   PythonModules/Therandommodule.rst
   Installation/pip.rst
   PythonModules/Glossary.rst
   PythonModules/Exercises.rst
   PythonModules/ExtraExercises.rst


Requests
::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   Requests/intro.rst
   Requests/fetching_a_page.rst
   Requests/how_the_Internet_works.rst
   Requests/urls.rst
   Requests/http.rst
   Requests/requests_details.rst


REST APIs
:::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   RESTAPIs/intro.rst
   RESTAPIs/RequestURLs.rst
   RESTAPIs/jsonlib.rst
   RESTAPIs/unicode.rst


Exceptions
::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   Exceptions/intro-exceptions.rst
   Exceptions/using-exceptions.rst
   Exceptions/ExtraExercises.rst


String Formatting
:::::::::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   StringFormatting/intro-PrintinginPython2.7.rst
   StringFormatting/Interpolation.rst
   StringFormatting/CSV.rst
   StringFormatting/Exercises.rst
   StringFormatting/ExtraExercises.rst


Using RESTAPIs
::::::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   UsingRESTAPIs/requestsCookbook.rst
   UsingRESTAPIs/callingGet.rst
   UsingRESTAPIs/extract.rst
   UsingRESTAPIs/process.rst
   UsingRESTAPIs/cachingResponses.rst
   UsingRESTAPIs/flickr.rst

Native Interpreter Gotchas
::::::::::::::::::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   NativeInterpreterGotchas/FixCommonProblems.rst


Classes
:::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   Classes/intro-ClassesandObjectstheBasics.rst
   Classes/ObjectsRevisited.rst
   Classes/UserDefinedClasses.rst
   Classes/ImprovingourConstructor.rst
   Classes/AddingOtherMethodstoourClass.rst
   Classes/ObjectsasArgumentsandParameters.rst
   Classes/ConvertinganObjecttoaString.rst
   Classes/InstancesasReturnValues.rst
   Classes/sorting_instances.rst
   Classes/ClassVariablesInstanceVariables.rst
   Classes/ThinkingAboutClasses.rst
   Classes/ClassesHoldingData.rst
   Classes/Tamagotchi.rst
   Classes/Glossary.rst
   Classes/Exercises.rst
   Classes/ExtraExercises.rst

Inheritance
:::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   Inheritance/intro.rst
   Inheritance/inheritVarsAndMethods.rst
   Inheritance/OverrideMethods.rst
   Inheritance/InvokingSuperMethods.rst
   Inheritance/TamagotchiRevisited.rst
   Inheritance/Exercises.rst
   Inheritance/ExtraExercises.rst

More on Accumulation: Map, Filter, Reduce, List Comprehensions, and Zip
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   AdvancedAccumulation/intro.rst
   AdvancedAccumulation/map.rst
   AdvancedAccumulation/filter.rst
   AdvancedAccumulation/listcomp.rst
   AdvancedAccumulation/reduce.rst
   AdvancedAccumulation/zip.rst
   AdvancedAccumulation/exercises.rst
   AdvancedAccumulation/ExtraExercises.rst

The FaceBook Graph API
::::::::::::::::::::::

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 2

    FacebookAPI/FBAPI.rst


APIs Using OAuth
::::::::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   APIsWithOAuth/RequestsOAuthLib.rst
   APIsWithOAuth/TwitterAPI.rst
   APIsWithOAuth/Paging.rst


Pyglet
::::::

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 2

    Pyglet/Pyglet.rst
    Pyglet/pygletWindow.rst
    Pyglet/eventListener.rst
    Pyglet/windowContents.rst
    Pyglet/sounds.rst
    Pyglet/jinglingSquare.rst
    Pyglet/schedulingEvents.rst
    Pyglet/Pong.rst


Test Cases
::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   Testing/intro-TestCases.rst
   Testing/Testingfunctions.rst
   Testing/Testingclasses.rst
   Testing/Glossary.rst



Prediction and Classification
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   Prediction/intro-prediction.rst
   Prediction/hangman_guesser.rst
   Prediction/rule-based.rst
   Prediction/shannon_guesser.rst
   Prediction/training.rst
   Prediction/evaluation.rst
   Prediction/Glossary.rst


Recursion
:::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   Recursion/WhatIsRecursion.rst
   Recursion/CalculatingtheSumofaListofNumbers.rst
   Recursion/TheThreeLawsofRecursion.rst
   Recursion/ConvertinganIntegertoaStringinAnyBase.rst
   Recursion/intro-VisualizingRecursion.rst
   Recursion/SierpinskiTriangle.rst
   Recursion/Glossary.rst
   Recursion/ProgrammingExercises.rst


Installation
::::::::::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   Installation/FirstSteps.rst
   Installation/NextSteps.rst
   Installation/TextEditor.rst
   Installation/pythonInstall.rst
   Installation/runpythonprograms.rst



Unix
::::

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   Unix/CommandPrompt.rst
   Unix/FoldersAndPaths.rst
   Unix/DirectoriesAndCopying.rst
   Unix/lessCommand.rst


.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :hidden:

   navhelp.rst

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :hidden:

   ExtraExercises/session4_6925.rst
   ExtraExercises/session5_7462.rst



.. toctree:: 
   :maxdepth: 2
   :hidden:

   InClass/DictionaryAccum.rst
   InClass/FunctionsExamples.rst
   InClass/IndefiniteIteration.rst
   InClass/OptionalKeywordParams.rst
   InClass/TuplesAndNestedData.rst


Indices and tables
::::::::::::::::::

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`
