_sources/Sort/intro-SortingwithSortandSorted.rst, before:

..  Copyright (C)  Brad Miller, David Ranum, Jeffrey Elkner, Peter Wentworth, Allen B. Downey, Chris
    Meyers, and Dario Mitchell.  Permission is granted to copy, distribute
    and/or modify this document under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation
    License, Version 1.3 or any later version published by the Free Software
    Foundation; with Invariant Sections being Forward, Prefaces, and
    Contributor List, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.  A copy of
    the license is included in the section entitled "GNU Free Documentation
    License".

.. _sort_chap:

Introduction: Sorting with Sort and Sorted
==========================================

When we first introduced lists, we noted the existence of a method sort. When
invoked on a list, the order of items in the list is changed. If no optional
parameters are specified, the items are arranged in whatever
the natural ordering is for the item type. For example, if the items are
all integers, then smaller numbers go earlier in the list. If the items are all
strings, they are arranged in alphabetic order.

.. activecode:: sort_1

    L1 = [1, 7, 4, -2, 3]
    L2 = ["Cherry", "Apple", "Blueberry"]
    
    L1.sort()
    print L1
    L2.sort()
    print L2
    
Note that the sort method does **not** return a sorted version of the list. In
fact, it returns the value None. But the list itself has been modified. This
kind of operation that works by having a *side effect* on the list can be quite
confusing. 

In this course, we will generally use an alternative way of sorting, the function ``sorted`` rather
than the method ``sort``. Because it is a function rather than a method, it
is invoked on a list by passing the last as a parameter inside the parentheses,
rather than putting the list before the period. More importantly, ``sorted``
does not change the original list. Instead, it returns a new list.

.. activecode:: sort_2

    L2 = ["Cherry", "Apple", "Blueberry"]
    
    L3 = sorted(L2)
    print L3
    print sorted(L2)
    print L2 # unchanged
    
    print "----"
    
    L2.sort()
    print L2
    print L2.sort()  #return value is None

Commit message:

I added a weird sentence to test branching

_sources/Sort/intro-SortingwithSortandSorted.rst, after:

..  Copyright (C)  Brad Miller, David Ranum, Jeffrey Elkner, Peter Wentworth, Allen B. Downey, Chris
    Meyers, and Dario Mitchell.  Permission is granted to copy, distribute
    and/or modify this document under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation
    License, Version 1.3 or any later version published by the Free Software
    Foundation; with Invariant Sections being Forward, Prefaces, and
    Contributor List, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.  A copy of
    the license is included in the section entitled "GNU Free Documentation
    License".

.. _sort_chap:

Introduction: Sorting with Sort and Sorted
==========================================

When we first introduced lists, we noted the existence of a method sort. When
invoked on a list, the order of items in the list is changed. If no optional
parameters are specified, the items are arranged in whatever
the natural ordering is for the item type. For example, if the items are
all integers, then smaller numbers go earlier in the list. If the items are all
strings, they are arranged in alphabetic order.

.. activecode:: sort_1

    L1 = [1, 7, 4, -2, 3]
    L2 = ["Cherry", "Apple", "Blueberry"]
    
    L1.sort()
    print L1
    L2.sort()
    print L2
    
I'm gonna add a weird sentence at the beginning. This should not end up in the textbook. Note that the sort method does **not** return a sorted version of the list. In
fact, it returns the value None. But the list itself has been modified. This
kind of operation that works by having a *side effect* on the list can be quite
confusing. 

In this course, we will generally use an alternative way of sorting, the function ``sorted`` rather
than the method ``sort``. Because it is a function rather than a method, it
is invoked on a list by passing the last as a parameter inside the parentheses,
rather than putting the list before the period. More importantly, ``sorted``
does not change the original list. Instead, it returns a new list.

.. activecode:: sort_2

    L2 = ["Cherry", "Apple", "Blueberry"]
    
    L3 = sorted(L2)
    print L3
    print sorted(L2)
    print L2 # unchanged
    
    print "----"
    
    L2.sort()
    print L2
    print L2.sort()  #return value is None
